LR scheduler docs update (#5678)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/common/optimizers.rst

Learning rate scheduling
------------------------
Every optimizer you use can be paired with any `LearningRateScheduler <https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/optim.html#how-to-adjust-learning-rate>`_.

> In the basic usecase, the scheduler (or multiple schedulers) should be returned as the second output from the ``.configure_optimizers``
> method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the basic use-case, the scheduler (or multiple schedulers) should be returned as the second output from the ``.configure_optimizers``
method:
```

      scheduler2 = LambdaLR(optimizer2, ...)
      return [optimizer1, optimizer2], [scheduler1, scheduler2]

> Schedulers which ``.step()`` method are conditioned on metric values (for example the ``ReduceLROnPlateau`` 
> scheduler) enforces that the output from ``configure_optimizers`` should be returned as dicts with the 
> keyword ``monitor`` defined as the metric that the scheduler should be conditioned on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Schedulers in which ``.step()`` method is conditioned on metric values (for example the
:class:`~torch.optim.lr_scheduler.ReduceLROnPlateau` scheduler) enforces that the output from ``configure_optimizers`` should be returned as dicts with the  keyword ``monitor`` defined as the
metric that the scheduler should be conditioned on.
```

> 

Author: Done :]

          {'optimizer': optimizer2, 'lr_scheduler': scheduler2},
      )

> As default all schedulers will be called after each epoch ends. To change this behaviour, each scheduler should be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, all schedulers will be called after each epoch ends. To change this behaviour, each scheduler should be
```

returned as a dict which can contain the following keywords:

* ``scheduler`` (required): the actual scheduler class

> * ``monitor`` (optional): same as above, defines the value that certain schdulers should be conditioned on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``monitor`` (optional): same as above, defines the value that certain schedulers should be conditioned on
```

> * ``monitor`` (optional): same as above, defines the value that certain schedulers should be conditioned on

Author: Done :]

* ``interval`` (optional): either ``epoch`` (default) for stepping after each epoch ends or ``step`` for stepping
  after each optimization step
* ``frequency`` (optional): how many epochs/steps should pass between calls to ``scheduler.step()``. Default is 1,
  corresponding to updating the learning rate after every epoch/step.
* ``strict`` (optional): if set to ``True`` will enforce that value specified in ``monitor`` is available while trying

>   to call ``scheduler.step()``, and stop training if not found. If ``False`` will only give an warning and continue training

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to call ``scheduler.step()``, and stop training if not found. If ``False`` will only give a warning and continue training
```

  (without calling the scheduler).
* ``name`` (optional): if using the ``LearningRateMonitor`` callback to monitor the learning rate progress, this
  keyword can be used to specify a specific name.

.. testcode::

   # Same as the above example with additional params passed to the first scheduler

>    # In this case the ReduceLROnPlateau will step after every 10 processed batch

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   # In this case the ReduceLROnPlateau will step after every 10 processed batches
```
